Assets
========
Gu comes with a asset bundling system prebuilt within it's CLI which is included
has part of the things generated when a new component or app is created using the
`gu app` and `gu component` commands respecively.


## Types of Assets

In Gu there are basically two types of assets: (a) Static Files Assets and (b) Static Markup Assets

- Static Files Assets

These types of assets represent anything that lies within either the projects `public`
directory or within a `components` directory, where all file extensions except `.static.html`
qualify. Any file except one with `.go` extension, will be turned into a go package which can be imported to
either, serve these files through a `http.FileSystem`, or by retrieving the individual contents by use of the
relative path of the file.

Such files include .css, .js, .html, .less among others, where each is processed by the packers registered to
handle those specific files. For example, the less asset packer will instead return a single
converted file depending on it's settings.

See more: https://github.com/gu-io/gu/tree/master/assets/packers


- Static Markup Assets

These types of assets are special, in that they use the extension `.static.html` and contain only
html markup, which will be transformed into the `trees` markup in autogenerated go code snippets that describe the html markup, then written into a single go file within the same package. These reduces alot of the runtime overhead of parsing markup through strings version on every call and within the runtime, by providing, compile time versions of these markups right in code. This type of assets support pure html without any form of templating and structure binding primitives.
